She came by car?!

“Satisfied now?” Tiffany folded her arms.

Yoon-a wiped her tears away. Her face had become remarkably calm. “What do you mean, eonni? I don’t understand.”

“You don’t understand?” The laugh was harsh. “Stop pretending. You knew Taeyeon and I were with him. Why did you have to get involved?”

“Why did I get involved…?” Yoon-a repeated it softly, almost to herself.

Because three of her eonnis had gone before her? Because the impossible had already happened within reach?

Because he was so accomplished? Because there was something about him she could feel more easily than explain?

THE EXCUSE“Couldn’t stop yourself? Are you three years old? What do you mean, you couldn’t stop yourself?”

THE HISTORY“What are we to each other? We debuted together. Lived together. Spent all those years crying and laughing together. We’re sisters!”

“What about you?”

“When did it start for you? Before you knew about him and Taeyeon eonni? After? Did you put an end to it?”

“How? Because I came later? Because being first makes you more entitled? Look at me, eonni. Do you honestly think you’re better than I am?”

“Mwo? The same? How are you the same as me?”

“And what happened? I found out he was Taeyeon’s boyfriend.”

“I tried to forget him. I really tried! And now you tell me we’re the same?”

“Do you know what it was like to watch them together? To see Taeyeon so happy and have to smile while it hurt like that? You don’t know anything!”

“Do you know what I was thinking when I heard Taeyeon eonni outside?”

“I kept thinking… why did it have to be him?”

“Then why did you wait when he was a trainee?”

“Why did a villa make it possible to put up with him, even knowing he couldn’t be faithful?”

“If he’d stayed an ordinary trainee, would you really have dated him? Don’t lie to yourself.”

“Even if he debuted, even if you got together, could you have stayed more than three years if he never became popular?”

Would she really have dated an ordinary trainee?

Wait. Why am I accepting this question?

1His looks, his talent, his kindness, his success: all of it belonged to the same person. Why should loving him require pretending parts of him did not exist?

2Was she really going to let herself be trapped in the childish question of whether it was love or money, as though Yoon-a had proved those were the only choices?

THE MISSING PERSONTiffany peered past him into the corridor. “Why are you alone? You didn’t catch her?”

Leave him now? Not a chance. Whatever else she did, it would not be that.

“Hello?”

“Where are you?”

Tiffany stared. Beside her, Ji-ho went still. The hotel? Taeyeon was going back there? Tiffany opened her mouth and found nothing to say.

“Mm?”

“Wait! Are you all right?”

“All right? Fany, do you think I could possibly be all right?”

“You’re leaving now? But your cold…” Tiffany looked at her.

“Are you worried about me, eonni?”

“Who’s worried about you? I’m worried you’ll affect tomorrow’s concert!”

“Mwo? What is that supposed to mean?”

THE DEMAND“Yah! What did she mean? What don’t I know about you? How could she know you better than I do?”

THE PROTEST“Tell me! How could I lose to Yoon-a?”

“What?”

THE PRECEDENT“You have special guests for joint stages at Girls’ Generation concerts, don’t you?”

THE REALIZATIONTiffany stopped. “Wait. You want to go onstage tomorrow?”

“Surprise her? Give her a fright, more like.” Tiffany pinched him. “You’re counting on her being unable to turn you down in front of all those people, aren’t you?”

“We’re all your girlfriends. Yoon-a knows you better than I do, apparently. You put all this effort into making Taeyeon happy. What about me?”

“Really?”

“When have I lied to you?”

THE QUESTION“After the duet, what are you going to do? You sound very sure of yourself.”
